config: start console before first box.cfg() call (#9537)
tarantool/tarantool: changelogs/unreleased/config-start-console-before-box-cfg.md

## bugfix/config

> * Start the interactive console before the first `box.cfg()` call. It allows to
>   issue the `box.ctl.make_bootstrap_leader()` command to a replicaset that uses
>   the `supervised` bootstrap strategy (gh-8862).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Start the interactive console before the first `box.cfg()` call. This allows you to
  issue the `box.ctl.make_bootstrap_leader()` command to a replica set that uses
  the `supervised` bootstrap strategy (gh-8862).
```

Author: Fixed. Thanks!
